Hi guys, my name is Sahil Khanna and let's start today's business review. The first news is of Donald Trump. So retaliation upon retaliation upon retaliation upon retaliation has been imposed. So he has imposed a tariff of 245% on China. Whatever item will be imported from China will be taxed around this much. It is different on different products. Electronics, especially phones are not being considered in this. In the temporary phase. And it is going to be imposed on everyone else. Last time when the US imposed a tariff of 145% on China. The Chinese retaliated with a tariff of 125%. So can we see retaliation again? I don't know where the story will go. For the initial time, the US companies can be harmed. I was reading somewhere. There was a blog where it was written that the campaign of Donald Trump. His cap, T-shirt, everything was made from China. So Donald Trump himself has made a lot of goods from China. And now he is imposing restrictions on China. Now I don't know what is his goal? What does he want to do? Does he want to threaten? And that thing has gone upside down. Let's see. But the picture is clear. The situation is not going to be good for China. The major tech companies have got a basic level relief. On a temporary level. Now they will set up in India and other countries. After that, China will see a lot of loss. The loss that may not be seen even after COVID. The rest of the US has banned NVIDIA's H20 chip from selling to China. It is believed that because of the new rule of the US. NVIDIA may face a loss of 5.5 billion dollars. But the story is that the chips are banned. But it comes somewhere. Let me explain the story. Any item is banned at a place. For example, an item from Pakistan is banned in India. So what will Pakistan do? That item will be sent to Afghanistan. It will be routed from Afghanistan and come here. So in this way, there are a lot of items that are banned from a specific country. And it is always going on. We just saw this in the case of Russia. India was taking oil from Russia. And it was going to Europe. But Russian oil was banned in Europe. So all the stories were going from India. So the chip has been banned. Whether it will actually be banned or not, this is the question. The rest is that India is going to benefit. The first phase of the trade agreement between India and the US has been signed. The target is to take a trade of 500 billion dollars by 2030. Indians are also ready to bow. The US is also ready to bow. Whether they are bowing or not, we will know when the deal is finalized. But the report says that India can cut the tariff on the US import of 23 billion dollars up to 50%. So a very big tariff has been cut in recent times. And maybe that's why we have to stand up. Otherwise, India will also get involved in the US-China dispute. But do you know what the whole story is showing? The US is getting a little different. And China is going to Europe. We talked about this in the last video. I am talking again. Because China and Europe are together. They have also started giving entry to BYD. Because somewhere the Europeans are not coming to the US. Because they are also getting tariffs. Let's see what happens. In India, the IPL 2025 ad revenue is seen to reach 600 million dollars. 50% increase since 2024. And a very big reason for this is being said. The consolidation of media rights in Geostar. Simple thing. Now you can run ads efficiently. You can run ads on TV. It can be done in a better way. This is why the share numbers are increasing. A combined viewership of 500 million has come. If we talk about TV digital platforms. The next news is about the promoters of BlueSmart. So it seems that BlueSmart is constantly getting hit. Constant news is coming that the company is in trouble. Now the promoters are also getting stuck. Sebi has banned the promoters from the stock market. If we talk about the report. There is a company called Jainsol Engineering. In which Anmol Singh Jaggi and Puneet Singh Jaggi were a part. And it was a listed company. Now recently the stock of 1 is to 10 was going to split. Means there was a lot of liquidity in the market. It is believed that all this was being done so that the share prices can be increased. And promoters can dump their shares. And why did all this come out? The company Jainsol Engineering. Their loan was given a junk status by the rating agency. Because of which it was said that the loan was taken in the wrong way and used. Reports say that the promoter took a loan from the company to buy his house. Money was given to his family in the form of a loan. Which was later seen to be default. So a lot of things are coming out. And the bad news is. These promoters have been stopped from being a director in any company. Or to hold any key position. Has been stopped. And because of this, will it affect Blue Spot or not? I don't know. It seems that distress sale can be seen. Let's talk about Garuda Aerospace. They have raised Rs 100 crore in series B round. Now let me tell you a fact. The company's revenue is Rs 110 crore. Which is seen to be increasing by 2.3x. And their profit is also Rs 16 crore. Which is seen to be increasing again. The company's valuation has reached Rs 250 million. So why did the company raise only Rs 100 crore? When the company was profitable. So if you were profitable, you could have walked easily. You could have worked with debt too. But the debt was not taken. Now if you had to raise money, there was a valuation of Rs 250 million. So you could have raised a big round too. But did not do. The reason is that the company says that the money that will come. Will pay attention to R&D etc. So that new things can be made. Because this industry is moving very fast. Before starting the video, I would like to remind you. You have not pressed the like button. Press the like button. Subscribe to the channel. I keep bringing such daily business news for you. If we talk about off business. They have also raised Rs 100 crore. In the second half, they want to take out IPO. The company's last valuation was of Rs 5 billion. Their revenue is seen to be increasing. Around Rs 19,300 crore. Profit has reached Rs 603 crore. Now the same question is coming. Profit is of Rs 603 crore. The company's valuation is so big. Why are they raising Rs 100 crore? For the benchmark. IPO is coming in a few months. So what will be the valuation in that? For that money has been raised. So that a benchmark will be set. That much money has been raised for valuation. Let's talk about jewel box. They have raised 3.2 million dollars. In pre series A round. These people are making lab grown diamond brand. The idea is that after raising money. They will spend on stores, brand awareness, marketing etc. The company's last year's revenue was of Rs 16 crore. And now according to ARR. It will be seen to reach Rs 38 crore. Let's talk about Potter. They have raised Rs 100 million dollars. On the valuation of 1.4 billion dollars. See. Normally when such big companies raise money. They raise this type of money. 100 million dollars. 200 million dollars. 150 million dollars. Because if any investor is investing. He tries to get a needy stake. 10% or 8% or something. The good thing is. In this funding round. Secondary share sale has also happened. This means that many people are becoming billionaires. You must have seen. Many people have sold their own shares. Maybe it can be a part of ESOP. Or it can be a part of some investors. In November 2021. They have raised Rs 101 million dollars. On the valuation of 1 billion dollars. Let's talk about Sanjeev Kapoor's Wondershef. They are also taking out IPO. On the valuation of 1800 crore. It's a good thing. It was started in 2009. Through Sanjeev Kapoor and Ravi Saxena. The company's financial year 2025. It is seen to reach Rs 800 crore. It is seen to be more than double. The profit was of Rs 1.5 crore. The company with a profit of Rs 1.5 crore. The company with a profit of Rs 1.5 crore. Is taking out an IPO of 1800 crore. It's a big question. People will take it. In the name of Profitable. In the name of Sanjeev Kapoor. The brand value of the company is there. People know it. It's marketing is going on. Product quality is also good. They have made a good business. For a long time. But the profit is very less. Let's talk about Gupshock. It's a company from 2004. It used to work like an SMS platform. I remember. We used to use Gupshock SMS. For SMS Bombing. Maybe someone remembers. Those who know, let me know in the comment section. SMS Bombing happens. The lay-off is. The companies acquired recently. 5 companies in 2021-2022. It is seen from that. Why is the lay-off? Because the company has to increase efficiency. Fidelity has recently. Reduced their valuation. Their last valuation was. 1.4 billion dollars. Now their valuation is 486 million dollars. Their revenue is double. Let's talk about IPL betting. Because of that. UPI servers are down. Because all these companies. Which make teams. There is a payment through UPI. There is illegal betting. There is a payment through UPI. Because of that. People are betting 100-200 rupees. Because of that. UPI servers are down. Figma is filing for IPO. There was a time when. Adob was buying them. Within 20 billion dollars. But because of the regulators, this won't be able to happen It will be monopoly, Figma will come to Adobe The design will come to Adobe, this will happen, that will happen But now they are taking out the IPO And how much valuation they are taking out is not clear yet When they are taking it out, we will get clarity in some time But their last valuation in May 2024 They sold their shares for 12.5 billion dollars There was a secondary share sale here Someone sold their shares and earned money So this is also a benchmarking How much will it go up or down is the question Because I remember when Adobe's valuation was set at 20 billion dollars A lot of people were criticizing that the valuation is too high Now let's see how Figma's IPO is The rest of the product is fine If we talk about Netflix, their target is to touch the market cap of 1 trillion dollars In 2030, they have been constantly growing at a good level since some time If we talk about revenue terms As soon as they came out with their ad tier plan in 2022 You can see the growth very fast A lot of people use the ad tier plan I don't know if it has come to India or not But they took it out in the US and they are planning to bring it everywhere So if you use Netflix, tell me in the comment section I don't know if it has come to India or not Because I have taken the non-ad tier Because we have multi devices And I enjoy going in 4K If we talk about OpenAI They can create their own social media platform like Twitter The internal prototype has been made Things are going on Now the question is Will it come in chatgbt Will it be a standalone app This is a big question And will it be adopted Because today in the world of AI You need a social media platform Which can tell you sentiments Which can tell you up-to-date trends Which can tell you the mindset So OpenAI is trying to bring it Because somewhere X is getting an advantage in XAI Because of X Because people get a lot of opinions on Twitter They can learn from there and talk a lot Some people say that Twitter gives a very dangerous answer It also abuses Because people do the same thing on Twitter With that the model is getting trained and understanding Similarly, OpenAI also wants that It should get up-to-date news It shouldn't have to work hard It should natively integrate that platform with its OpenAI Our market is green I hope it will be green even today What is the reason All the news about tariffs Because of that It may look like US stocks are falling But there is a brighter picture for India India can capitalize on it But whether it will capitalize or not This is the question With this, today's business news ends I hope you enjoyed it Like it Share it Comment on the video Thank you for watching Good morning whenever you are watching this video Jai Hind Vande Mataram Doa Mein Yaar